hamas's armed Wings says Israel is
stalling on a deal to release captives
the Kasam Bri Brigade say it's ready to
release up to 70 women and children but
in exchange of once a 5day truce and the
release of Palestinian prisoners and the
entry of humanitarian
Aid the enemy has requested the release
of 100 women and children held captive
in Gaza we told the mediators that we
are asking for a five-day truce in which
we will release 50 women and children
and this number might actually go up to
70 because the captives are being held
by several factions and groups this
truth is to include a ceasefire as well
as the approval of Entry of humanitarian
and relief assistance to all our people
in the Gaza Strip however the enemy is
still stalling and evading this
responsibility and the enemy is still
ignoring not just the innocent lives of
Palestinian civilians they are also Al
ignoring their own detained
people Sarah kyat sent us this update on
the situation from occupied East
Jerusalem well the Israeli government uh
hasn't really been speaking about a
5-day ceasefire which is what uh Hamas
has been pushing for it also hasn't
confirmed whether it would consider an
exchange of those that are being held
captive with prisoners which is what
Hamas wants it wants children and women
released from Israeli detention but what
we do know is that overnight it had
commented uh saying that it's uh been in
touch with the family of uh the Israeli
soldier that was held captive by Hamas
and a video was released of her last
night Hamas says that she was killed but
no comment on that part of the video uh
from the Israeli authorities now in
terms of the families those of that are
being held captive or those are being
held missing they are very concerned
they said that they've been calling on
the government for many days to stop uh
the uh air strikes worried that their
family members would be killed um and a
news like that will be incredibly
concerning for the relatives of those
being held captive they said that they
would uh really try to get the
government to push for a possible
ceasefire in whatever capacity that
means as long as it ensures bringing
those that are held in Gaza back home
there's worry there's concern and still
nothing from the government just yet on
what the situation is in terms of a
possible ceasefire a 5-day uh truth
which was what Hamas is asking for in
return uh of those uh that are being uh
held captive and that's the latest on
that we are yet to hear more from the
Israeli
government Al jazer occupi Jerusalem